Created model card for XLM model (#38595)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/xlm.md

# XLM

<div style="float: right;">
    <div class="flex flex-wrap space-x-1">
        <img alt="PyTorch" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/PyTorch-DE3412?style=flat&logo=pytorch&logoColor=white">
        <img alt="TensorFlow" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TensorFlow-FF6F00?style=flat&logo=tensorflow&logoColor=white">
    </div>
</div>

> [XLM](https://arxiv.org/abs/1901.07291) is a transformer model pretrained using one of three objectives: causal language modeling (CLM), masked language modeling (MLM), or translation language modeling (TLM). What makes XLM unique is its ability to handle multiple languages through cross-lingual pretraining, achieving state-of-the-art results on cross-lingual classification and machine translation tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[XLM](https://huggingface.co/papers/1901.07291) demonstrates cross-lingual pretraining with two approaches, unsupervised training on a single language and supervised training on more than one language with a cross-lingual language model objective. The XLM model supports the causal language modeling objective, masked language modeling, and translation language modeling (an extension of the [BERT](./bert)) masked language modeling objective to multiple language inputs).

is a transformer model pretrained using one of three objectives: causal language modeling (CLM), masked language modeling (MLM), or translation language modeling (TLM). What makes XLM unique is its ability to handle multiple languages through cross-lingual pretraining, achieving state-of-the-art results on cross-lingual classification and machine translation tasks.
```

Author: Just fixed per the PR comments on xlm-roberta-xl and xlm-roberta

> You can find all the original XLM checkpoints under the [XLM](https://huggingface.co/models?search=xlm) collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find all the original XLM checkpoints under the [Facebook AI community](https://huggingface.co/FacebookAI?search_models=xlm-mlm) organization.
```
